feat: add `utils/none-in-by` (#1416)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/utils/none-in-by/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( object, predicate[, thisArg ] )

>     Tests whether every property in a collection fail a test implemented by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tests whether every property in an object fails a test implemented by a
```
